{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f7\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f4\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\f7\fs16\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext18 List;}{\s19\fi-283\li566 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext19 List 2;}}{\info{\author -}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy8\hr3\min32}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}
{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CONTENTS_FOR_ONO_99_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {
\cs16\fs16\super $} Contents for O'NO 99 Help}} Contents for O'NO 99 Help
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The object of the game is to avoid totaling 99 points or more -- the total number of points that would cause you to lose that round of play.
\par To learn how to use Help, press {\fs18 F1}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b The Game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb The Deck}{\v THE_DECK}
\par {\uldb The O'NO 99 Card}{\v THE_ONO_99_CARD}
\par {\uldb Scoring}{\v SCORING}
\par {\uldb O'NO 99 Card Option}{\v ONO_99_CARD_OPTION}
\par {\uldb Show Point Value}{\v SHOW_POINT_VALUE}
\par {\uldb Safe Mode}{\v SAFE_MODE}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b How to...
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb Start a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}
\par {\uldb Play the Game}{\v PLAYING_THE_GAME}
\par {\uldb Play the Helper Cards}{\v PLAYING_THE_HELPER_CARDS}
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_DECK}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} The Deck}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} deck;cards}} The Deck
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The game consists of 54 special cards as follows:
\par \pard\plain \s19\fi-283\li566 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Three each 2's through 9: for a total of 24 cards
\par Four "Hold" cards
\par Six "Reverse" cards
\par Ten "Ten" cards
\par Four "Minus Ten" cards
\par Two "Double Play" cards
\par Four "99" cards
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Hold, Reverse, Minus Ten and Double Play cards are "Special Helper" cards. With one or more of them in a hand, a player may be able to avoid hitting the total of 99 points or over (See {\uldb Playing Helper Cards}{
\v PLAYING_THE_HELPER_CARDS}).
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_ONO_99_CARD}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} The O'NO 99 Card
}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} O'NO 99 card;99 card}} The O'NO 99 Card
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 If you are dealt -- or draw the {\b O'NO 99} card, you must keep it and not play it. This leaves you only three good cards to play.
\par The {\b O'NO 99} card can make the game harder to play, especially if you have two or more of them in one hand.
\par See {\uldb O'NO 99 Card Option}{\v ONO_99_CARD_OPTION} for the option to play the 99 card.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} PLAYING_THE_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Playing the Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} playing;rules}} Playing the Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
The cards are shuffled and 4 cards are dealt to you and the computer. The remainder of the cards become the draw pile. If you are using the token option for scoring and this is the first round of play, 3 tokens will be given to each player (See {\uldb 
Scoring}{\v SCORING}).
\par The player to begin is randomly determined between you and the computer. The player who begins will start by selecting a card from his hand and playing it on the centre pile. (You do this by dragging the card you want to play onto the pile a
t the top of the playing area.) Another card is then immediately drawn from the draw pile.
\par {\i Example:} You play a 9, the computer plays a 7, making the point value 16. If {\uldb Show Point Value}{\v SHOW_POINT_VALUE}
 in the Game menu is checked, 16 would be shown near the top right corner of the playing area. Thus the game continues by adding, subtracting, reversing, holding or playing double until either you or the computer eventually hits or exceeds the magic 99 nu
mber.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} PLAYING_THE_HELPER_CARDS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 How to Play the Helper Cards}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} helper cards;cards;hold;reverse;minus ten;double play}} Playing the Helper Cards
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The HOLD card, when played, maintains the point value passed to that player and passes the same point value back to the other player.
\par The REVERSE card acts as a hold card (See above).
\par The MINUS TEN card, when played, subtracts ten points from the point value passed to the player and passes the point value -- ten points lower -- back to the other player.
\par The DOUBLE PLAY card, when played, keeps the point value passes the same, and causes the other player to make a normal play plus one additional.
\par {\i Example:}
 You pass 57 points to the computer, the computer employs a Double Play card, keeping the total at 57 points. You must now double play. Your first play is a 9 card, making the total now 66 points. A card is then drawn to replace the 9 card and you play ag
ain as usual. The Double Play card in most cases is a good helper; however, the player affected may, on his first play, use a Hold Card or a Re
verse Card, thus reversing/holding the Double Play back. Play could continue between you and the computer reversing or holding, until eventually, one player will ultimately have to play double. {\i Note:}
 A player affected by the Double Play card may not play another Double Play card on his first play.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} SCORING}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Scoring}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} scoring;tokens}} Scoring
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 If you are using the token option for scoring, three tokens are given to you and the computer before the game begins. Each time a player loses a round, one token i
s taken away. If all three tokens are lost, a player is allowed to lose one more round. On a fourth loss, that player has lost the whole game and the other player is the overall winner.
\par If you are using the numerical option for scoring, it is the lowest score which wins. Points are added to your score at the end of each game according to the cards in your hand. Once a player reaches the {\ul target score}{\v TARGET_SCORE}
 (500 points is suggested), the player with the lowest score is the overall winner. {\i Note:} In the event of a draw, you and the computer continue until one wins, having attained the lowest score.
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Scoring works as follows:
\par \pard\plain \s19\fi-283\li566 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Number cards count as face value.
\par Player that reaches 99 points or greater adds 25 points to his score.
\par Penalty for 99 card in hand -- 20 points each.
\par Hold, Reverse, Minus Ten and Double Play cards -- 15 points each.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 See {\uldb Starting a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME} for how to set scoring options.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} ONO_99_CARD_OPTION}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 O'NO 99 Card Option}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} O'NO 99 card}} O'NO 99 Card Option
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 You have the option to play the 99 card when your point value ends in 0. You must enable this option when you {\uldb start a new game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}.
\par {\i Example: }
If you are the first player your point value is 0, and you may get rid of ONE 99 card, the point value to the computer remains 0, and he may also do the same; if the point value to a player is 40, that person may play a 99 card and pass the point value of
 40 to the other player who could also repeat the action.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Starting a New Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} new game;target score}} Starting a New Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 From the Game menu, choose New Game, or press {\fs18 F2}. Or you can click the draw pile at the top left corner of the playing area. A dialog box appears for you to select the type of {\uldb scoring}{\v SCORING}
 (tokens or numerical), to enter the {\ul target score}{\v TARGET_SCORE} if you are using numerical scoring and to specify if you want to use the {\uldb O'NO 99 card option}{\v ONO_99_CARD_OPTION} and make the 99 card playable.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the type of scoring
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Scoring box, click the type of scoring you want to use.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the target score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Numerical Target Score box, enter the target score you want. This is only applicable if you are using numerical scoring.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the O'NO 99 card option
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Click Make 99 Card Playable to check or clear the option.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} SHOW_POINT_VALUE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Show Point Value (Game Menu)}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} show point value;point value}} Show Point Value (Game Menu)
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 If Show Point Value in the Game menu is checked, then the current point value will be displayed near the top left corner of t
he playing area. When this option is turned off, you must keep the point value in your head instead of having it shown all the time.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} SAFE_MODE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Safe Mode (Game Menu)}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} safe mode}} Safe Mode (Game Menu)
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
If Safe Mode in the Game menu is checked and you play a card that causes the point value to hit or exceed 99 then you won't lose that round of play. Safe mode can be turned off if you want to make the game harder in that you have to ensure that the card y
ou are about to play is legal.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} TARGET_SCORE}}{\b  Target Score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The amount designated at the start of a new game. When a player reaches this score the game is over and the player with the lowest score wins.
\par }