{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f7\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f4\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\f7\fs16\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text;}}{\info{\author -}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy8\hr3\min32}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 {\cs16\fs16\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CONTENTS_FOR_MEMORY_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Contents for Memory Help}} Contents for Memory Help
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Memory is a picture game that combines memory and luck.
\par To learn how to use Help, press {\fs18 F1}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Introduction
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb What Is Memory?}{\v WHAT_IS_MEMORY}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b How to...
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb Keep Score}{\v KEEPING_SCORE}
\par {\uldb Play the Game}{\v PLAYING_THE_GAME}
\par {\uldb Start a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}{\uldb 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} WHAT_IS_MEMORY}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} What Is Memory?}
K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} Memory, overview}} What is Memory?
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
When playing Memory you are presented with a set of 72 cards laid face downwards in the form of an oblong. Your objective is to find as many pairs as possible, that is, cards with the same picture. To do this, you turn over two cards at a time to try to l
ocate a pair. The trick is remembering the picture behind each card.
\par If, by the end of the game, you have found the most pairs, you win. You can look at the table at the left of the playing area to see how many pairs each player has found.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} KEEPING_SCORE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Keeping Score}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} scoring}} Keeping Score
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Memory scoring is simple. The table at the left of the playing area indicates how many pairs each player has found. Each pair you find scores you one point.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} PLAYING_THE_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Playing the Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} playing the game}} Playing the Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The object of Memory is to find as many pairs as possible, that is, cards with the same picture. The following section explains how to play the game.
\par After you {\uldb start a new game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}, the first player turns over two car
ds by clicking on them. At the start these cards will usually have different pictures. The cards are therefore turned over again and left in their places. All players however note the position of these pictures. In the same way, each in turn, all players 
turn over two cards. The table at the left of the playing area indicates which player's turn it is by highlighting their name. Soon the moment comes when the {\b first}
 card a player turns over is one that he has seen somewhere before. If he can remember exactly where it
 was, he can turn that card over as his second card. There are now two cards with the same picture turned up on the playing area. These two cards are removed and the player scores a point and has another chance turning over two more cards.
\par \pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 As long as a player can turn over two matching cards he may continue playing. When he can no longer do so, the play passes to the next player.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b Pausing the game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 During play you can pause the game at any time. From the Game menu, choose Pause Game, or press {\fs18 F3}.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b Note
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 If the player in turning over the {\b second}
 card remembers where another card with the same picture lies, he cannot turn that one over because it would be the third card which he would turn. He must note the position carefully so that he may take both when his turn comes again. Of course it will o
ften happen that another player who has noticed it also will be able to take it ahead of him.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Starting a New Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} new game}} Starting a New Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 From the Game menu, choose New, or press {\fs18 F2}. A dialog box appears for you to enter the names of the players.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To add a player
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Type the player's name in the Name box and click the Add button. The player's name will appear in the Players box. There is a maximum of 8 players.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To remove a player
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Click on the player's name in the Players box and click the Remove button.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the playing order
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Click on a player in the Players box and use the up and down Move arrow buttons to change the player's position in the list.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change a player's properties
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 
Click on the player's name in the Players box. In the Properties box, you can switch between whether the player is a human or a computer. If the player is a computer, you can then change its skill level by adjusting the scroll bar in the Properties box.

\par }