{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f7\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f4\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\f7\fs16\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext18 List;}}{\info{\author -}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy8\hr3\min32}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CONTENTS_FOR_UNO_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Contents for UNO Help}} Contents for UNO Help

\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The object of the game is to be the first player to score a certain amount of points (usually 500). Points are scored by ridding yourself of all the cards in your hand before the computer.
\par To learn how to use Help, press {\fs18 F1}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b The Game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb The Deck}{\v THE_DECK}
\par {\uldb The Deal}{\v THE_DEAL}
\par {\uldb Word Cards}{\v WORD_CARDS}
\par {\uldb Wild Cards}{\v WILD_CARDS}
\par {\uldb Wild Draw Four Cards}{\v WILD_DRAW_FOUR_CARDS}
\par {\uldb Going Out}{\v GOING_OUT}
\par {\uldb Counting and Scoring}{\v COUNTING_AND_SCORING}
\par {\uldb Reneging}{\v RENEGING}
\par {\uldb The Strategy of Reneging}{\v THE_STRATEGY_OF_RENEGING}
\par {\uldb Rules To Remember}{\v RULES_TO_REMEMBER}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b How to...
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb Start a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}
\par {\uldb Use Tips}{\v USING_TIPS}
\par {\uldb View the Graph}{\v VIEWING_THE_GRAPH}
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_DECK}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} The Deck}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} deck}} The Deck
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The deck is composed of 108 cards.
\par 19 cards \emdash  0 through 9 \emdash  blue in colour
\par 19 cards \emdash  0 through 9 \emdash  green in colour
\par 19 cards \emdash  0 through 9 \emdash  red in colour
\par 19 cards \emdash  0 through 9 \emdash  yellow in colour
\par 8 cards marked {\b Draw Two} \emdash  2 blue, 2 green, 2 red, 2 yellow
\par 8 cards marked {\b Reverse} \emdash  2 blue, 2 green, 2 red, 2 yellow
\par 8 cards marked {\b Skip} \emdash  2 blue, 2 green, 2 red, 2 yellow
\par 4 cards marked {\b Wild}
\par 4 cards marked {\b Wild Draw Four}
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_DEAL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} The Deal}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} deal;playing the game}} The Deal
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
When play is begun the dealer is determined randomly between you and the computer. Seven cards are then automatically dealt to you and the computer. The remaining cards (the drawpile) are shown in the top left corner of the playing area with the top card 
turned face-up (discard pile) below the drawpile. Each player can only view his cards.
\par The hand begins with the player who isn't the dealer attempting to play one card from his hand by either matching the colour, number or wording of the top card of the discard pile. You play your card by clicking on it and it will then be placed face-up on
 top of the discard pile.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Example
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 After the deal a red three is turned up. The player who isn't the dealer may play {\i any} red card or match the number three with a number three card of another colour.
\par In the event the first card turned up is a {\uldb word card}{\v WORD_CARDS}, play begins as follows:
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Card Turned Over
\par {\b Wild Draw Four Card} \emdash  This card is placed back in the deck and another card is drawn from the drawpile.
\par {\b Wild Card} \emdash  The player who isn't the dealer selects the colour, then plays.
\par {\b Draw Two Card} \emdash  The player who isn't the dealer must draw two cards and play passes to the dealer.
\par {\b Reverse Card} \emdash  The dealer plays first. Play continues with the player who isn't the dealer.
\par {\b Skip Card} \emdash  The player who isn't the dealer Skips his turn, and the dealer plays first.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
Play continues with each player either matching the number or colour of the card played by his opponent (the top card of the discard pile) or by following the directions of a word card. If, at the time of your play, you are unable to match colour, number,
 word card or play a {\uldb wild card}{\v WILD_CARDS}, you must draw {\i one} card from the drawpile. You do this by clicking on the drawpile. If the card draw is playable you may play it {\i immediately}
. If the card drawn is not playable it is added to your hand and you must pass play to the computer by clicking the Pass button below the discard pile. The first player to rid his hand of all cards is the winner of that deal. See {\uldb 
Counting and Scoring}{\v COUNTING_AND_SCORING}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} WORD_CARDS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Word Cards}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} word cards;cards}} Word Cards
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b Draw Two
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 When a Draw Two is played, the other player must draw two cards from the {\ul drawpile}{\v DRAWPILE} and forfeit his turn. The play is then back to the original player. You may not
 cancel the effect of a Draw Two card by playing another Draw Two card. The same player may match the Draw Two card thus forcing his opponent to draw another two cards.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Reverse
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Playing a Reverse card acts like a Skip. The player who plays the Reverse may immediately play another card.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Skip
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The person playing a Skip card may immediately play another card.
\par Remember, after a player draws two or is skipped, the other player may match the word card (with any colour), play any card of the same colour as the word card, or play a {\uldb wild card}{\v WILD_CARDS}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} WILD_CARDS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Wild Cards}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} wild cards;cards}} Wild Cards
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The cards marked "Wild" may be played on any colour or type of card. The player playing a Wild card may change the colour of play or elect to continue with the same colour. The playing of a Wild card does {\i not}
 cancel the effect of a {\uldb word card}{\v WORD_CARDS} previously played, nor does it have any effect on the opponent other than to force the play of the selected colour. A "Wild" card may be played even though a play
er holds other playable cards in his hand, further, it does not have to be played before the playing of a {\uldb wild "Draw Four" card}{\v WILD_DRAW_FOUR_CARDS}
, in that a Wild card has no "colour" until it is played. e.g. A Red Six is played. The other player holds a Red Four, a Blue Six, a Red Reverse and a Wild card. Even though this player holds Red cards, he may play his Wild card and select a colour (inclu
ding Red). There is no restriction to the playing of Wild cards.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} WILD_DRAW_FOUR_CARDS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Wild Draw Four Cards}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} Wild Draw Four cards;cards}} Wild Draw Four Cards
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
The playing of this card not only gives a player the right to call the colour of the play, but also forces the other player to draw four cards from the pile and forfeit his turn. This card may only be used when a player does not have a card in his hand ma
tching the {\i colour} being played. Note: A player may have a matching number or word card of a different colour in his hand and play his "Wild Draw Four card."
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Example
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 1. A Red Four is played. The other player has no Red cards in his hand, but holds a Blue Four. He may play his Wild Draw Four card.
\par 2. A Blue Six is played. The other player has a Blue Skip, Red Six and a Wild Draw Four card in his hand. He may not play the Wild Draw Four card because he has a Blue card to play. Of course, he may play the Red Six on the Blue Six if he so chooses.

\par 3. A Red Five is played. A player has no Red card in his hand, but he has a regular Wild card. He may play his Wild Draw Four card because the Wild card is neutral and represents no colour until it is played.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Note: The Wild Draw Four card, like a Wild card, has no colour until it is played.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} GOING_OUT}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Going Out}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} going out;winning}} Going Out
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 As the computer plays his second to last card, you will hear a beep. This warns you that he may be able to go out on his next turn.
\par When a player plays his last card, thus ridding his hand of all cards, the hand is over. Points are scored, the cards are collected, reshuffled and a new hand is begun with the deal passing to t
he other player. If the last card played is a Draw Two or Wild Draw Four card, the other player must draw the two or four cards. These cards are counted when points are totalled.
\par In the event no person goes out by the time the {\ul drawpile}{\v DRAWPILE} is depleted, the {\ul discard pile}{\v DISCARD_PILE} is reshuffled, except the top card and play continues with the reshuffled drawpile.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} COUNTING_AND_SCORING}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Counting and Scoring}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} counting;scoring}} Counting and Scoring
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The value of the cards are as follows:
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b All cards \emdash  through 9\tab \tab Face Value
\par }Draw Two Cards\tab \tab \tab 20 pts.
\par Reverse Cards\tab \tab \tab 20 pts.
\par Skip Cards\tab \tab \tab 20 pts.
\par Wild Cards\tab \tab \tab 50 pts.
\par Wild Draw Four Cards\tab \tab 50 pts.
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Once a player has gone out, the points in the other player's hand is totalled. This total is awarded to the player who went out. The first player to reach the {\ul target score}{\v TARGET_SCORE}
 (usually 500 points) is the winner.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Variation
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The game may be scored by keeping a running total of the points the player is caught with in his hand. When one player reaches the target 
score (usually 500), the game is over and the player with the least number of points is declared the winner.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} RENEGING}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Reneging}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} reneging}} Reneging
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 A player on {\i any turn}
 may choose not to play a card in his hand. If so, he must draw a card just the same as if he had no play to make. If the card drawn is playable, he may play that card but he may not play a card already in his hand. Only the card drawn may be played.

\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_STRATEGY_OF_RENEGING}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 The Strategy of Reneging}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} strategy;reneging}} The Strategy of Reneging
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 e.g. Your opponent has played his second to last card. It was a {\b Wild card}
 and he called it red. Most likely his last card is red. You have a red card in your hand but you want to change the colour so your opponent will not go out. You draw a card hoping that you will get a Wild card to prevent him from {\uldb going out}{\v 
GOING_OUT}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} RULES_TO_REMEMBER}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Rules To Remember}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} rules;playing the game}} Rules To Remember
\par \pard\plain \s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 1. Wild cards can be played at any time during the course of the game.
\par 2. Wild Draw Four cards can only be played if you do not have a playable {\i colour} in your hand.
\par 3. Draw Two, Draw Four, or Skip cards cannot be cancelled out by the playing of a matching card by the other player. The word cards' directions are {\i always} followed even if a draw card is the {\i last} card played in the game.
\par 4. You can match colour on colour, number on number or words on words.
\par 5. When a Wild card or Wild Draw Four card is played, you may call {\i any} colour you wish. This may be the colour already being played or a colour you do not have in your hand.
\par 6. When {\uldb reneging}{\v RENEGING}, you may play the card drawn from the {\ul drawpile}{\v DRAWPILE} if it is playable but you may not play a card from your hand after a draw.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Starting a New Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} new game}} Starting a New Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 From the Game menu, choose New Game, or press {\fs18 F2}. A dialog box appears for you to enter the {\ul target score}{\v TARGET_SCORE} and the scoring style.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the target score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Target Score box, enter a number above zero.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the scoring style
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Scoring Style box, click on either Standard or Variation. See {\uldb Counting and Scoring}{\v COUNTING_AND_SCORING}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} USING_TIPS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Using Tips}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} tips}} Using Tips
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 Tips are built in to UNO to make it easier to learn how to play. When you do something wrong or click on a panel in the status bar at the bottom of the playing area, a window appears to help you.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To turn tips on or off
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 From the Game menu, choose Use Tips, or press {\fs18 CTRL+T}. This switches between having tips on and off.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} VIEWING_THE_GRAPH}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Viewing the Graph}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} graph}} Viewing the Graph
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 A graph can be viewed at any time to show how the game has progressed. The line graph shows how many points each player has gained in which game.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To view or hide the graph
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 From the Game menu, choose View Graph, or press {\fs18 CTRL+G}. This switches between showing and hiding the graph windows.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} DRAWPILE}}{\b  Drawpile
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The stack of over-turned cards in the top left corner of the playing area. This is where cards are drawn from when another card is needed. To draw a card, click on the drawpile.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} DISCARD_PILE}}{\b  Discard Pile
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The stack of face-up cards below the drawpile (which is in the top left corner of the playing area). This is where cards are placed when a player plays one.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} TARGET_SCORE}}{\b  Target Score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The amount designated at the start of a new game. When a player reaches this score the game is over.
\par }