{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f7\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f4\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\f7\fs16\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext18 List;}{\s19\fi-283\li566 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext19 List 2;}}{\info{\author -}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy8\hr3\min32}{\version1}{\edmins1}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}
{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CONTENTS_FOR_MASTER_MIND_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {
\cs16\fs16\super $} Contents for Master Mind Help}} Contents for Master Mind Help
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The object of the game is to discover the secret code set by the computer.
\par To learn how to use Help, press {\fs18 F1}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b The Game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb AutoPlace}{\v AUTOPLACE}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b How to...
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb Start a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}
\par {\uldb Play the Game}{\v PLAYING_THE_GAME}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CODE_COUNTERS}}{\b  Code Counters
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Large counters in up to eight colours. They are placed by you in the Code Counter positions located on the left side of the playing area.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b \page }{\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CLUE_COUNTERS}}{\b  Clue Counters
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Small black and white counters. They are placed by the computer in the Clue Counter positions located on the right side of the playing area.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Starting a New Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} new game}} Starting a New Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 From the Game menu, choose New Game, or press {\fs18 F2}. A dialog box appears for you to select how many {\ul Code Counters}{\v CODE_COUNTERS}
 the secret code should consist of and how many colours are allowed in it.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the number of Code Counters
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Number of Code Counters box, type the amount of Code Counters to be used in the secret code.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the number of colours
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Number of Colours box, enter the amount of colours allowed in the secret code.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} PLAYING_THE_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Playing the Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} playing;rules}} Playing the Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The computer puts a certain amount of {\ul Code Counters}{\v CODE_COUNTERS}
 under the Shield at the top left corner of the playing area. He may use any combination of colours. He may use two or more Code Counters of the same colour. You will try to dupl
icate the exact colours and positions of the secret code. Each time you place a row of Code Counters (they are left in position throughout the game), the computer will give information by placing black and white {\ul Clue Counters}{\v CLUE_COUNTERS}
 on the Clue Counter positions alongside the Code Counters, or by leaving the positions vacant. To place a Code
 Counter, drag the counter you want from the colour group (at the top right corner of the playing area) onto one of the grid positions in the current row (indicate
d by an arrow on the left side of the playing area). When you duplicate the secret code, the computer places a complete row of black Clue Counters and reveals the hidden code.
\par {\b A BLACK CLUE COUNTER }is placed in any of the clue positions for every Code Counter that is the same colour and in exactly the same position as one of the Code Counters in the shielded positions.
\par {\b A WHITE CLUE COUNTER }
is placed in any of the Clue Counter positions for each hidden Code Counter that is matched in colour but not position by a counter placed by the computer. E.G., one white Clue Counter is placed if one red Code Counter is hidden and you have placed 1 or m
ore red Code Counters in the wrong position.
\par See {\uldb Starting a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME} for how to set game difficulty.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} AUTOPLACE}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} AutoPlace}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} AutoPlace}} AutoPlace (Game Menu)
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 When AutoPlace on the Game menu is checked, {\ul Code Counters}{\v CODE_COUNTERS} which have black {\ul Clue Counters}{\v CLUE_COUNTERS}
 corresponding to them are automatically placed in the next row after each incorrect line you complete. Using this option will add two seconds on to your time for each Code Counter automatically placed.
\par }