{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\f7\fs20\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f4\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\f7\fs16\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 
\sbasedon0\snext17 Body Text;}{\s18\fi-283\li283 \f7\fs20\lang3081 \sbasedon0\snext18 List;}}{\info{\author -}{\creatim\yr1994\mo10\dy8\hr3\min32}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49197}}\paperw11906\paperh16838 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn 
\b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} CONTENTS_FOR_SKIPBO_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} Contents for SKIP-BO Help}}
 Contents for SKIP-BO Help
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The object of the game is to play all the cards in your {\b\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE} before the computer.
\par To learn how to use Help, press {\fs18 F1}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b The Game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb The Setup}{\v THE_SETUP}
\par {\uldb Scoring and Winning}{\v SCORING_AND_WINNING}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sb240\sa60 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\b How to...
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\uldb Start a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}
\par {\uldb Play the Game}{\v PLAYING_THE_GAME}
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} THE_SETUP}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $} The Setup}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} setup}} The Setup
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 In the centre area of play is the {\ul DRAW pile}{\v DRAW_PILE} (where additional cards will be drawn from). Right near the DRAW pile, up to four {\ul BUILDING piles}{\v BUILDING_PILES}
 are placed during play. In addition, you and the computer will each have your own {\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE} and up to 4 {\ul DISCARD piles}{\v DISCARD_PILE}.
\par Note: BUILDING piles and DISCARD piles are developed through play. No cards are in this area at the beginning of the game. Also, SKIP-BO cards are wild. This is important.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STOCK_PILE}}{\b  Stock Pile
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 You and the computer each have one STOCK pile, placed at the left of {\uldb the setup}{\v THE_SETUP}.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} DRAW_PILE}}{\b  Draw Pile
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 After the deal, the remaining cards are placed face down at the left of the centre of {\uldb the setup}{\v THE_SETUP} to form the DRAW pile. You can start a new game by clicking the DRAW pile.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} BUILDING_PILES}}{\b  Building Piles
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 During the play, up to four BUILDING piles can 
be started. Only a 1 or a SKIP-BO card can start a BUILDING pile. Each pile is then built up through the number 12. Since SKIP-BO cards are wild, they can start a BUILDING pile, and can be played as any other number, too. Once a pile of 12 cards has been 
completed, it is removed, and a new pile is started in its place.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} DISCARD_PILE}}{\b  Discard Pile
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 During play, you and the computer may each build up to four DISCARD piles next to his {\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE}. You can build up cards in any order in the DISCARD piles, but may only play the top card.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} PLAYING_THE_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Playing the Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} playing the game;rules;pausing}} Playing the Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 The first player to use up all the cards in his {\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE} wins.
\par After the deck is shuffled, 30 cards are dealt to you and the computer (or 10 cards if you are playing the short game, see {\uldb Starting a New Game}{\v STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}
). These cards become your STOCK pile. The remainder of the deck is placed face down to form the {\ul DRAW pile}{\v DRAW_PILE}.
\par The player who starts is determined randomly between you and the computer. 5 cards are drawn from the DRAW pile into his hand. If the player has a SKIP-BO card or a number 1 card on top of his STOCK pile or in his hand, he may use it to start a {\ul 
BUILDING pile}{\v BUILDING_PILES}
. (You do this by dragging the card you want to play onto one of the BUILDING piles.) He may then continue by playing another card from his STOCK pile or from his hand onto the BUILDING pile. If the player plays all 5 cards from his hand, he then draws 5 
more and continues playing. If the player can't make a play or just doesn't want to, he ends his turn by discarding one of the cards from his hand onto one of his four {\ul DISCARD piles}{\v DISCARD_PILE}
. On a player's second and succeeding turns, the player first draws enough cards to bring his hand back up to 5. He then may add to the BUILDING piles (always in {\i\ul sequential}
 order) by playing the top card from his STOCK pile, DISCARD pile or from his hand. But, remember, the winner i
s the one who plays all the cards in his STOCK pile, so it's best to always use the playable cards from that pile first. If the DRAW pile is used up, the cards from the completed BUILDING piles are automatically shuffled and become the new DRAW pile.

\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b Pausing the game
\par }\pard\plain \f7\fs20\lang3081 During play you can pause the game at any time. From the Game menu, choose Pause Game, or press {\fs18 F3}.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} SCORING_AND_WINNING}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Scoring and Winning}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} scoring;winning}} Scoring and Winning
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 If you wish to play several games the computer will automatically keep score: The winner of each game scores 5 points for each card remaining in his opponent's {\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE}
, plus 25 points for winning the game. The first person to reach the {\ul target score}{\v TARGET_SCORE} wins.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn \b\f7\fs28\lang3081\kerning28 \page {\cs16\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} STARTING_A_NEW_GAME}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super $}
 Starting a New Game}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super K} new game;target score;game versions}} Starting a New Game
\par \pard\plain \s17\sa120 \f7\fs20\lang3081 From the Game menu, choose New Game, or press {\fs18 F2}. Or you can click the DRAW pile at the left of the centre of {\uldb the setup}{\v THE_SETUP}. A dialog box appears for you to enter the {\ul target score}{
\v TARGET_SCORE} and the game version.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the target score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 In the Target Score box, enter a number above zero.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 {\b To change the game version
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 Click either Normal Game or Short Game. In a normal game 30 cards are dealt to each player's {\ul STOCK pile}{\v STOCK_PILE}, in a short game, 10 cards are dealt.
\par \pard \s17\sb240\sa60 \page {\cs16\b\fs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15 \f7\fs20\lang3081 {\cs16\fs16\super #} TARGET_SCORE}}{\b  Target Score
\par }\pard \s17\sa120 The amount designated at the start of a new game. When a player reaches this score the game is over.
\par }